lib: support keepOpen options in process.send for handle/socket/server (#52061)
nodejs/node: doc/api/child_process.md

  parameterize the sending of certain types of handles. `options` supports
  the following properties:
  * `keepOpen` {boolean} A value that can be used when passing instances of
    [`net.Server`][], [`net.Socket`][] and [`dgram.Socket`][].

>     When `true`, the socket is keptopen in the sending process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When `true`, the socket is kept open in the sending process.
```

Author: Done ! Thanks !

>     When `false`, the socket will be closed in sending process when the worker
>     process receives it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When `false`, the socket will be closed in the sending process when the
    worker process receives it.
```
